docs(hiero-block-node): add Hiero Block Node Cloud Deployment Guide (#1911)
hiero-ledger/hiero-block-node: docs/Hiero Block Node Cloud Deployment Guide.md

> # Hiero Block Node Cloud Deployment Guide

Reviewer: Please move this into a `/docs/block-node/operations` folder

# Overview

This guide explains how to deploy the Hiero Block Node on a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) virtual machine (VM) using the Weaver tool.

> The Block Node enables participation in the Hiero network by processing and validating transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Block Node supports the Hiero network by processing and validating consensus node produced blocks amongst others features.
```

# Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have:

- Access to a cloud provider account (such as Google Cloud, AWS, or Azure) with permissions to create and manage VM instances.
- The Weaver binary downloaded locally from the [**official Weaver releases page**](https://github.com/hashgraph/solo-weaver/releases) or provided as part of your node onboarding for your VM’s architecture:
  - **`weaver-linux-amd64`** for x86_64 (most standard cloud VMs).
  - **`weaver-linux-arm64`** for ARM-based VMs.
- The **`gcloud`** CLI installed and authenticated (if using Google Cloud).

# Step-by-Step Guide

## Step 1: Create a Google Cloud VM

1. In the [**Google Cloud Console**](https://console.cloud.google.com/), click **Select a project** at the top of the page.
2. Choose an existing project. If you don’t have a project, click **New project** in the popup window and follow the prompts to create one.
3. Under **Compute Engine,** Select **Create a VM**.
4. Select a machine type appropriate for your Block Node profile:
   - **For a test or local profile**: Choose at least an **E2 standard** machine (for example, **`e2-standard-2`**) so that CPU and memory are sufficient.

>    - **For production (f**e.g.**, `mainnet` or `previewnet`)**: Select at least ~16 CPUs (e.g., 8 physical cores / 16 vCPUs).

Reviewer: Previewnet is not production.
Mainnet is the real production but we also treat testnet as production to provide community with stable expectations of upcoming mainnet upgrades.

   - Perform system and resource checks.
   - Install and configure Kubernetes components.
   - Install MetalLB for load balancing.
   - Deploy the Block Node Helm chart into the cluster.
4. The process takes several minutes and will show progress logs in your terminal.

## Step 6: Verify the Block Node Deployment

After completing the setup, confirm that your Block Node is deployed and running by checking the Kubernetes cluster:

1. Using **`kubectl`** (recommended)
   1. Weaver configures local Kubernetes access on the VM. From your VM terminal, run:

      ```bash
      kubectl get pods -A
      ```
   2. Look for Block Node pods. Ensure they show **`Running`** status and all containers are ready (e.g., **`1/1`** or **`2/2`**).
2. Using K9s (optional)

- If you prefer a text-based Kubernetes dashboard:
  1. [**Install `k9s`**](https://k9scli.io/) on your VM or a machine with access to the cluster.
  2. To Inspect pods, namespaces, and logs. Run:

     ```bash
     k9s
     ```
  3. Confirm the Block Node `StatefulSet/Pods` are healthy.

If the pods are running and healthy, your Block Node is successfully installed and running on the Google Cloud VM.

> ## Step 7: Deprovisioning and Shutdown

Reviewer: Insert a step here that allows the operator to install grpcurl and download the protobuf from the latest release and then call the serverStatus endpoint.
This is a valid test that will hit the node and verify it's accessible and logic works
